Yeah, tend to move it out. Yeah. I did find out about this theory company that makes that that their whole business is selling IT companies. And they have have their own, oh, interesting. All over the all over the globe. And the thing about my company, Yeah. is it's digital. There's no physical marketplace. So, so it can be run by anybody in the world. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, I haven't actually done any measurements of walls for things I got, but what I was wondering about, you said about maybe changing this so that it was this direction, it would kind of make more sense because this window, this door is open all the time. Yeah. Right. It does. Okay. And I was wondered about if it's possible Right. That this goes into there, but, and I'm wondering how they would be, yeah, it's possible. There would we'd have to remove it and replace it, obviously. There would be Yeah. some waste associated with that. Yeah, yeah, I think it's so. So, definitely Uh let's have a look right here again. I wonder if it has the subfloor, because that's another, that's another thing to consider here. Yeah, so it it definitely does. So, I mean, what that would mean is there would still have a bar in the middle there. Yeah. actually You would have to have a reducer, or or if you wanted it all to be the the same. Yeah. then we would have to look at putting plywood on the other every section. Okay. So, I mean, it's it's worth Yeah. pricing. Yeah, yeah. Um, that would just be every, every bedroom, and the landing area would have to have. That's right. That's right. boards. Well, you would get uh, you know, we would actually literally place another 3/8 Yeah. on top of that. Yeah. on top of the whole thing. Yeah. So, then this would just be a seamless transition. Yeah. That. So, um, Okay. I mean, it's worth, you know, it's it's probably It's probably worth putting a number on it, and then you can decide if that's worth it. Worth considering. To discuss with the boss. Of course. You know. I mean, like you say, if this is all, if this is usually open like you just said, Yeah. Um, and you're putting the exact same floor, Mhm. I would say it definitely makes sense. Yeah. That's that's what I'm thinking. Unless you, Yeah. I mean, that's how in any scenario, if we knew we were doing like, say we're doing the whole upstairs, we knew that we were you would you would definitely do that. Yeah. Like you'd all run into one thing. Yeah. The alternative is sort of these are all just, you know, quasi renovation rules or whatever, but, um, then you would possibly consider a different floor in the bathroom as opposed to the a match, right. Right? Yeah, there's. So, yeah, that's another idea too. I could. So, it's not, you know, it's also not the end of the world to just have a little reducer and just leave it as is. So. What I think I have actually, I have left over from the previous job two packs of material. And what I can do is I can actually open them up and lay them flat like this and see what they would look like. See how noticeable it would be and see what my wife thinks, you know. Sure. Yeah. And if she's I hate that idea. But then we'll over, we'll do something different. Yeah. Well, and again, you don't know about it unless it's not something you would have thought about necessarily unless it was mentioned, right? So, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And that's so many of these things are a bit kind of on that level too, where you go, well, it's good to talk about because that way if you don't and it's down there going, I didn't realize it was going to look like that. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Great, you know. And then and then you're bugged about it. Exactly. I know. It's true. And then it's then it's kind of, it's kind of too late. I don't I try to do, I try to do this as much as possible for people is is, is, educate you enough that you don't have to go, oh, that's not what I want. That's not what I expect. Yeah, yeah, exactly, you know. We don't do this on a daily basis. You don't, you don't realize this, you know. And again, if we you if you say wanted to make that change mid-project, now now it's actually then it's going to be more of a problem. Yeah. More problem. Yeah, actually, but I think the thing. So you catch it now. So, that's the thing about. Gotcha. And the other thing I was thinking about is, is, is it possible just to leave this in and line the boards up so they match? Yes. Yes, it is. And I think you should because you should be able to measure and know exactly where they go and so I don't to mess with this floor at all. Well, what I would, well, if we were going to do that, uh it would take some some work, but my guys are amazing. We would we would, we would I would tie I would remove the boards and tie into them. Oh, so you actually do have to remove the. I would I would do remove. I think I mentioned that to you Yeah. you had to see I would actually remove these these ones, right? Yeah. And then that would be that that layout pattern would just continue and we would work off of that. Okay. Oh. That's how we would do it. So, it would be a seamless transition. Now, but if you cut those boards out, aren't there going to be gaps? No. No, we would we would replace them so they're perfect. This is a Because you said something about having to cut. So, I I believe yes. Well, this is a, um, I believe this is a click together laminate. Okay. Okay. So, so it has it has like an interlocking click system, right? So, what, um, so that interlock would get wrecked in the removal. Yes. Yeah. But to compensate we actually glue it in place. Just these joints, just here. Yeah. And then So, then, so it would it would come in exactly as is, just seamless. Okay. So, I just I mean, I have some parts where there's a big gap. Yeah, which is more, right? You don't want to see gaps. And that's probably more, you know, indicative of the, you know, just the the install that it you know, potentially, so. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the thing is if we could do that without leaving any big gaps. So, that's a potential there. For sure. It's just I would because I'm if you cut material away, you know, and it's and it's all of sudden there's too much material, then all of sudden you've got like a little gap there. No, no, I would never I would never accept that anyway. Yeah. Yeah, no, that was my concern is, okay, it's a nice idea but. Okay. Yeah. So, if you yeah, I was just reviewing your number. You had 657 square feet. 657. So, that means that's how much square footage we would need in plywood if we did that that route. Yes. You're talking about, yeah, right. That's that's your carpet square footage, right? Yeah. Carpet square footage, yeah. So, that's an easy number to figure out. Yep. Um, and then maybe we just do a quick, yeah, you know, so you can source your own baseboard or whatever. Uh, I'd just get you to do it because you don't realize last time because you said you can get it at a pretty good price. I do get it at a really good. Like, I mean, I can get actually if it's if we match you have here, that's probably 50 cents a lineal foot. Something like that. It's probably that, yeah. And also you need you'd need this stuff as well. So, yeah. Yeah. We need these for the doors. So, that's your casing. So, your casing is Yeah. two and a half by Is that 5/8? No, it is half inch. Yeah. So, it's fine. Two and 2 and 5/8 by 1/2 inch casing and your baseboard is 1/2 by 4 and 1/2. Okay. Yeah. Standard size. So. Yep. Just flat stock. Yeah. Yeah. Simple. So, we'd need it for a number of the doors. Yeah. So, that's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and then is there a closet? Yeah. 9 10 here. Another closet in there. Okay. 10. 10. And then, oh, I'm gonna miss something. 11 12 13. 13. 13 door door faces. Okay. And what I would count baseboard here I would go, 1 2 3 4 Are we doing your closets in the baseboard? Yes. Yeah. No, no. I don't I don't do the closets. I don't put baseboards in the closets. That's a waste. Yeah. Nobody ever sees them. 7 8 9. So, I probably get nine 16 ft lengths of baseboard is what I would get. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I could definitely put those in my room that might got my garage and. Yeah. And pre-paint them. Yeah. So, we can install that for you. Yeah, perfect. And then you would take care of the filling and the caulking? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I got a brother-in-law who's a painter. Brother-in-law. Son-in-law who's a painter. Perfect. There you go. Perfect. He's he's going to be helping me do the tear out tear out all the baseboards and the carpet. Yeah. And I could get him around to do all the filling because he does that on a regular basis. Perfect. That's excellent. Yeah. And so then regarding the uh tear out of the carpet, make sure you take all the tack strip. Oh, yeah. definitely. clean it all up and all that. clean it all up. make make sure it's good there's ready for plywood and things like that and what my wife wants to do. That's the ironic thing. They call it it's actually called smooth edge, that stuff. It's like the you're going to get poked and cut so many times pulling that stuff out. Crowbars, crowbars, yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Um, and yeah, yeah, the last detail is what we had talked about was, um, your stair nose. The coordinated stair nose. They they were supplying one. Okay. I can even find. So, yeah, because what I would and that was probably the one thing I made mention in haste last time was that if it's going to be now some stair nose they make they build them right out of the plank itself. Mhm. Other ones they it's it's uh so, when you hit they build it out of the plank itself, then you actually interlock it right into your flooring. I believe that's what we did with the other one downstairs. Right. No, no, you we looked at that. They cut it out. So, we'll do Yeah. You'll end up with the same thing. The thing is you've got to you've got this return right here on the uh on the top of the stair that you would want to Yeah, you'd have to mix that in cuz you couldn't have a floor edge right there. Well, you you could have the floor edge cuz the floor edge would be lower and would butt up against the wood. So, but I wouldn't do that here. Like for it to for it to look proper, we would we would miter the stair, the stair edge like this. So, I'd actually cut this little bit out. It would overhang, it would go like this and like this. Oh, okay. Yeah. That's that's what will look the best. That's that's true. That would look best. I wouldn't leave this in here. It would be this weird because one day someone would want to remove Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Right. Makes sense. Keep that there. Yeah. Oh, the boss is calling. Hi, Sharon. Hi, Sharon.